Well, the big day finally arrived after all those months of preparation. It was just as I imagined
Or wait
That's not me
That's me as I watched my sister get married that day
I couldn't help but think about my own future
When I began dating Shane
Everything was perfect
We spent a lot of time talking on the phone
Everything just naturally seemed to click. I was convinced. He was the one
but
over time
I started to notice some things
I was starting to see patterns
They didn't seem to be getting better. I wasn't even sure our goals were the same anymore
I felt alone
But thankfully I wasn't
My mom kindly asked how things were going
So I told her
Maybe he's not the one I told her
I thought she was going to tell me which way I should go
But she didn't
Instead she reassured me that if he wasn't the one I was going to be okay
They reminded me about what Jesus said when building a tower
For example, who of you wanting to build a tower does not first sit down and calculate the expense to see if he has enough to complete
I
Realized that I was about to enter into a building project of my own my relationship with Shane
And I too needed to calculate the expense before I commit to it
They encouraged me to talk to Shane and tell him about the things that were concerning me
So I did and my mom was right
I was okay
more than okay really
Shane and I decided it was best to break off the relationship
And some years later I found someone that loved your hover as much as I do
And I love him with my whole heart